Codebase grep for "eth2" terms and update (#5095)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/learn/index.md

- [Ethereum.wiki](https://eth.wiki) _A community-built wiki about Ethereum’s technology_
- [Ethereum Foundation YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNOfzGXD_C9YMYmnefmPH0g) _Videos and talks about Ethereum_
- [Week in Ethereum News](https://weekinethereumnews.com/) _A weekly newsletter covering key developments across the ecosystem_

> - [What’s new with Ethereum upgrades](https://eth2.news) _A regular newsletter about Ethereum development_

Reviewer: Don't think we should be renaming external entities 

```suggestion
- [What’s new in Eth2](https://eth2.news) _A regular newsletter about Ethereum development_
```

There are many efforts underway to make Ethereum more “scalable” by improving its speed and overall transaction throughput. Generally these are sorted into “Layer 1” and “Layer 2” solutions.

“Layer 1” refers to improving the core Ethereum protocol. Ethereum has a set of upgrades planned for the continual improvement of both the [execution layer](#execution-layer-upgrades) and the [consensus layer](#consensus-layer-upgrades).

“Layer 2” refers to technologies that are built “on top” of the base Ethereum protocol, enabling greater scalability without compromising on security. There are also “off-chain” technologies like side-chains, which enable greater scalability by making a different set of security tradeoffs.

[More on Layer 2](/developers/docs/scaling/layer-2-rollups/)

## Consensus layer upgrades {#consensus-layer-upgrades}

> A set of upgrades originally known as "Serenity" or "Eth2" aim to upgrade the core of the Ethereum protocol for a more scalable, sustainable future, utilizing a proof-of-stake consensus layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A set of upgrades (originally known as "Serenity" or "Eth2") that aim to upgrade the Ethereum protocol's core for a more scalable, sustainable future, utilizing a proof-of-stake consensus layer.
```

[Learn everything you need to know about Ethereum upgrades](/upgrades/).

## Execution layer upgrades {#execution-layer-upgrades}

> The execution layer is separate from research around consensus. The goal is to continue to improve and maintain the execution layer of Ethereum while the consensus layer is developed and implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execution layer upgrades are a separate area of research from the consensus layer. The goal is to continue to improve and maintain the execution layer of Ethereum while the consensus layer is developed and implemented.
```

> For more information, see [EthHub’s explainer page about Ethereum 1.x](https://docs.ethhub.io/ethereum-roadmap/ethereum-1.x/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [EthHub’s explainer page about Ethereum's execution layer](https://docs.ethhub.io/ethereum-roadmap/ethereum-1.x/)
```

Reviewer: We should probably just remove this resource.
